[Music]
hold your hand like this and see what
follows have a close look at your hands
what do you see is your answer just my
hands ask a reflexologist for the right
answer according to research there are a
lot of active points on your hands that
give you power over your body in mind do
you know what you can do with just your
little finger watch the video to reveal
the secrets which can improve your
health and don't miss our little but
awesome bonus at the end this unique
method takes less than five minutes here
is your hand the thumb the index finger
the middle finger the ring finger a
little one each of them is responsible
for a particular feeling or attitude the
thumb the thumb represents anxiety and
headaches when you're experiencing a
nervous headache or worried about
something
softly clutch your thumb for about five
minutes
reflexologist say it'll relieve the pain
and calm you down also
clutch your thumb for three to five
minutes when you have any issue with
your stomach this exercise will help you
bring its function back to normal
the index finger this finger controls
muscle pains as well as feelings of
disappointment fear and embarrassment as
shown by studies at the University of
Minnesota patients with muscle pains
feel better after a cycle of reflex
therapy clutch your index finger with
your other hand for five minutes and
you'll feel relief very soon also
pressing this finger will reduce pain in
your back
[Music]
the middle finger pressing your middle
finger helps to feel better when you're
annoyed angry or more tired than usual
studies demonstrate that this simple
exercise decreases blood pressure
improves liver function and helps you
calm down clasp the middle fingers with
your palm and hold this position for
three to five minutes the ring finger
negative emotions and sadness will go
away if you softly clutch your ring
finger for five minutes
massaging your ring finger will also
stimulate the function of your
respiratory system don't forget to keep
calm and watch your breathing this
exercise also helps to get rid of chest
pains the little finger the little
finger represents self-esteem stress and
nervousness when you feel like you're
not worth anything
you should massage the little finger for
five minutes try to think of something
nice while doing it to get rid of
nervous system issues perform this
exercise regularly every day the palm
press the fingers of one hand to the
middle of the other palm massage it in
circular motions and inhale and exhale
three times deeply reflexologist say
your palm is the center of your feelings
and emotions
research shows that regular massaging of
your palms helps prevent nausea stress
diarrhea and constipation also
specialists at the University of
Massachusetts found that regular palm
pressing and helped you get rid of bowel
problems
[Music]
palms press to each other this position
is often used in meditation it helps you
concentrate and put your thoughts in
order by pressing your palms together
you can improve your blood circulation
also holding this position you can clear
your mind and normalize your heart
kidney and intestine functions now
here's the bonus
serega mudra this position will help you
improve your digestion and metabolism
the technique is also used for low blood
temperature and loss of appetite have
you already tried this exercise how did
it work for you share your thoughts in
the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button
below and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]